[ci-visibility] Add Agentless documentation for CI Visibility Tests (#14083)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/agent.md

<div class="alert alert-warning">CI Visibility is not available in the selected site ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) at this time.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

> To report test result to Datadog, you can do it through the [Datadog Agent][1] (recommended for on-premises installations).

Reviewer: I think on-premise is more widely used than on-premises
```suggestion
To report test results to Datadog, you can do it through the [Datadog Agent][1] (recommended for on-premise installations).
```

> For SaaS CI providers, Datadog recommends using the [Agentless mode][7] of the Test Instrumentation Libraries. This mode allows sending data without the need of running an ephemeral instance of the Agent as a service container on each build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SaaS CI providers, Datadog recommends using the [Agentless mode][7] of the Datadog Libraries. This mode allows sending data without running an ephemeral instance of the Agent as a service container on each build.
```
I'm not convinced by "test instrumentation libraries". Also some language simplification would be useful IMO
